Several updates in preparation for the 4.8.0 release. (#320)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: axon-framework/events/event-processors/README.md

This exception means the processing group will stop processing new events altogether.
Thus, the processing group moves back to the behavior described at the start of the [Error Handling](#error-handling) section.

#### Configuring a sequenced Dead-Letter Queue Provider

In order to make it easier to use a dead-letter queue on multiple processing groups, it's possible to set a dead-letter queue provider.

> This is a function that takes a processing group, and returns either `null`, meaning it will not be configured using a dead-letter queue, or a function that takes `Configuration` and returns a new dead letter queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider is a function that takes a processing group, and returns either `null`, meaning it will not be configured using a dead-letter queue, or a function that takes the `Configuration` and returns a new dead-letter queue.
```

> A `JpaSequencedDeadLetterQueue` configuration example which uses a collection to determine if a dead-letter queue should be created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a `JpaSequencedDeadLetterQueue` configuration example that uses a collection to determine if a dead-letter queue should be created for a given processing group:
```

        return configurer -> configurer.eventProcessing().registerDeadLetterQueueProvider(
                processingGroup -> {
                    //dlqEnabledGroups is a collection with the groups that should have a dlq
                    if (dlqEnabledGroups.contains(processingGrouping)) {
                        return config -> JpaSequencedDeadLetterQueue.builder()
                                                             .processingGroup(processingGroup)
                                                             .entityManagerProvider(config.getComponent(
                                                                     EntityManagerProvider.class))
                                                             .transactionManager(config.getComponent(
                                                                     TransactionManager.class))
                                                             .serializer(config.serializer())
                                                             .build();
                    } else {
                        return null;
                    }
                }
        );
    }
}
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

> If you are using Spring Boot, a default dead-letter queue provider will be set, if using JPA, JDBC or Mongo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Spring Boot, a default dead-letter queue provider will be set if using JPA, JDBC, or Mongo.
```

> The default dead-letter queue provider thus set, will use the `axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processor.dlq.enabled` property, to determine to return either null or a dlq creating function.
> Fore example setting `axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processing-group.dlq.enabled` to true would enable the dlq for the `my-processing-group` group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default dead-letter queue provider will use the `axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processor.dlq.enabled` property to determine whether to return `null` or a dead-letter queue factory method.
For example, by setting the `axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processing-group.dlq.enabled` to true you would enable the dead-letter queue for the `my-processing-group` processing group.
```
